So I think one of the common things that I've seen leaders make that's
a mistake is a challenge to kind of overcome is not really understanding
your people to the full intent as well. Is not understanding what
your mission is in your requirements for that mission? Um, something
that was asked to me one time when I was sitting on and eso que
board years ago was you know what is more important, the mission or
your people? And at the time I had said, Well, my people are the most
important thing. And then afterwards one of the board members pulled
me aside and he said, No, your mission is always a single most important
aspect to everything because without understanding the mission
and what that priority is, and you can't really understand how to
prioritize your people and take care of them, and so you need to really
understand the mission. If you don't need to get out and read
what your commander's intent is, what their guiding principles, mission
and vision are, understand that and how you fit into that overall
piece. And then once you understand that you can then direct the folks
that you lead into accomplishing that. And once they know where
they fit in and the overall spoke and how they can play a part in that
big wheel and you'll notice that they're going to make everything
move forward and everything kind of just will run seamlessly. So,
you know, without fully understanding your mission and without fully
understanding your people, that is gonna put you out of hurdle and
it's really hard. It's really something hard to recover from.